Leverage at its core strives to be a financial institution governed by the community, with certain aspects being immutable and forever being at the hands of the users who use it. Hosted on IPFS and an unstoppable domain, the protocols in which Leverage is built on will remain incorruptible, immune from being hindered by the many outside sources who may wish to regulate such an ecosystem. There are no owners of the Leverage protocol, as a decentralized autonomous organization, any changes proposed to the ecosystem will be voted on and implemented in a democratic manner.

The protocols backing Leverage consist of transparent smart contracts and oracles, where we hope to provide ease of financial services without a middleman on a platform for perpetual swaps with margin, a decentralized exchange backed by its very own automated market maker, a place to commodities or stocks through a synthetic market, and a system that provides a peer-to-peer borrowing/lending network.

At the heart of the Leverage ecosystem, there are several positions which play an integral role in the development and continuance of its products. Users are incentivized to compliment the fundamentals of all concepts, with holders of the Leverage token being entitled to rewards and governance of the project. There are 100 Leverage tokens minted every week to maximize trading volume and usage of the exchange, which is critical to rewarding liquidity providers and providing stability of the protocol.

Leverage will provide an interactable web interface for traders who wish to open a marginalized position on either Bitcoin or Ethereum. The supported options will gradually expand to include more tokens as the network grows, with holders of the Leverage token having the ability to vote on what they wish to add. The transactions will take place straight from your Ethereum wallet, only requiring an initial deposit of collateral needed to secure your position.

If an individual believes there will be an uptrend in the market, they can enter a long position with leverage. Similarly, if an individual believes there will be a downtrend in the market, they can enter a position known as a short. With leverage, users will have the ability to trade with up to 100x leverage.

All trades are made from your Ethereum wallet with state-changing functions including transfer, transferFrom, approve, increaseApproval, and decreaseApproval. To minimize gas fees, a majority of these functions will be available through signing the transaction which does not incur a gas fee. Eventually, the Leverage ecosystem will expand to support a variety of different concepts, including margin trading of different cryptocurrencies, trading of synthetic markets (i.e. stocks, precious metals, forex markets), and several lending/borrowing techniques for decentralized finance protocols.

As the native currency of the leverage ecosystem, holders of the token will be able to take advantage of the unique aspects of our protocol that it was specifically designed to complement. $LEV is arguably the most important concept in the entirety of the project, as it will be used for governance, liquidity, and serve as the backbone for the automated market maker, which will eventually expand from perpetual swaps to synthetic markets. The token economics of $LEV and its fundamentals work together to reward holders and participants of the ecosystem while maintaining inflation to levels where the price of the token will be virtually unaffected. This involves several deflationary mechanisms implemented to counteract inflation that is paid out to stakers, traders, farmers, team members, and the leverage liquidity pool. These mechanisms were specifically instantiated to contribute to the scarcity of the token. This involves buy backs and burns with the leverage liquidity pool, and fees obtained by swaps from the automated market maker. Any excess of funds that are gathered from the liquidity pool will automatically be used to buy back $LEV from the market and burn it. Furthermore, a total of 0.01% of all trades through the automated market maker will be taken in the form of fees to burn $LEV.

Leverage hopes to provide an all-in-one trading platform for anyone to utilize to their advantage. We believe anyone should have the tools necessary to transact or trade currency anonymously in all markets. The products of Leverage will change the way cryptocurrency is traded forever. In the future we will explore other use cases such as prediction markets, and a lending/borrowing platform for decentralized finance.
